*----- Questions Asking about the CAUSES -----*
What causes Katayama Fever?
What causes Scurvy?
Do statins cause diabetes?
What is known as the cause of subacute thyroiditis?
Can Levoxyl (levothyroxine sodium) cause insomnia?
Which viruses are best known to cause myocarditis?
Which enzyme deficiency can cause GM1 gangliosidoses?
Which are the main causes of fetal echogenic bowel?
Can vitamin B1 deficiency cause encephalopathy?
Which antibodies cause Riedel thyroiditis?
Which bacteria caused plague?
Could Arimidex (anastrozole) cause hot flashes?
Which pituitary adenoma is common cause of infertility in women?
What is the cause of Phthiriasis Palpebrarum?
What is the cause of episodic ataxia type 6?
Which could be some of the possible causes of hypersomnia?
What causes erucism?
Which gene-defect causes the Vel-blood type?

*----- Questions Asking about the TREATMENTS -----*
Orteronel was developed for treatment of which cancer?
Is the monoclonal antibody Trastuzumab (Herceptin) of potential use in the treatment of prostate cancer?
Is valproic acid effective for glioblastoma treatment?
What is the treatment of acute pericarditis?
What is the treatment of amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis?
What is the treatment of subacute thyroiditis?
What is the treatment of acute myocarditis ?
Which disease can be treated with Delamanid?
List all reported treatment options for anxiety in autism spectrum disorder.
Matuzumab has been tested for treatment of which cancers?
Is nivolumab used for treatment of Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer?
Is lambrolizumab effective for treatment of patients with melanoma ?
What are the treatments of choice for GIST (gastrointestinal stromal tumor)?
Dracorhodin perchlorate was tested for treatment of which cancers?
What is the treatment of Riedel disease (thyroiditis)?
Is armodafinil used for treatment of insomnia?
Pridopidine has been tested for treatment of which disorder?
Which drugs are utilized to treat eosinophilic esophagitis?
Which disease is treated with Eliglustat?
What is the treatment of interferon-induced thyroiditis?
What is the treatment of triiodothyronine toxicosis?
Which diseases can be treated with Afamelanotide?
List the diseases that can be treated using Vedolizumab.
What is the treatment of choice for gastric lymphoma?
Is Migalastat used for treatment of Fabry Disease?
Is ocrelizumab effective for treatment of multiple sclerosis?