Deductively answered:
--------------------
What causes Scurvy?
What is known as the cause of subacute thyroiditis?
Which viruses are best known to cause myocarditis?
Which bacteria caused plague?
Which pituitary adenoma is common cause of infertility in women?
Which could be some of the possible causes of hypersomnia?
Is valproic acid effective for glioblastoma treatment?
What is the treatment of acute pericarditis?
What is the treatment of subacute thyroiditis?
Which disease can be treated with Delamanid?
What are the treatments of choice for GIST (gastrointestinal stromal tumor)?
What is the treatment of Riedel disease (thyroiditis)?
Which drugs are utilized to treat eosinophilic esophagitis?
What is the treatment of choice for gastric lymphoma?
What is the treatment of neuropathic pain in children?
Which acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are used for treatment of myasthenia gravis?
Which is the most common cause of sudden cardiac death in young athletes?
Which deficiency is the cause of restless leg syndrome?
Mutation of which gene and which chromosome cause Neurofibromatosis type I?
What organism causes tularemia?
What is the cause of Tardive dyskinesia?
Which is the main cause of the Patau syndrome?
Which bacteria cause diphtheria?
How is primary intestinal lymphangiectasia (PIL) caused?
What fruit causes Jamaican vomiting sickness?
Which virus type causes Molluscum contagiosum?
Which are the main brain dysfunctions caused by hyperbilirubinemia?
Which are the causes of the Koebner phenomenon?
Which gene mutations cause the Marfan syndrome?
Is propranolol used for treatment of infantile hemangioma?
Is enzastaurin effective treatment of glioblastoma?
Mutations in which gene cause Schimke immune-osseous dysplasia?
Which disorder has been approved for treatment with Alk inhibitors?
Can radius fracture cause carpal tunnel syndrome?
Is cilengitide effective for treatment of glioblastoma? 
What is the first line treatment for sarcoidosis?
List 2 approved drug treatments for Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD).
Which disease is treated with Fexinidazole?
What organism causes scarlet fever also known as scarletina?
Is subacute sclerosing panencephalitis caused by the Measles vaccine?
What drug treatment can cause a spinal epidural hematoma?
List diseases caused by protein glutamine expanded repeats.
What causes leishmaniasis?
Please list 10 conditions which play a role in causing atrial fibrillation.
What drug treatment can cause a spinal epidural hematoma?
Please list 3 diseases treated with Valtrex(valacyclovir)
Which enzyme deficiency can cause GM1 gangliosidoses?
What is the treatment of triiodothyronine toxicosis (T3_thyrotoxicosis)?
List FDA approved treatments for androgenetic allopecia.
List 4 drugs used to treat opioid addiction or overdose.
Which drugs are utilized to treat eosinophilic esophagitis?
Which drugs have been found effective for the treatment of chordoma?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Plausibly answered:
---------------------
What causes Katayama Fever?
What is the cause of episodic ataxia type 6?
Do statins cause diabetes?
Can Levoxyl (levothyroxine sodium) cause insomnia?
Which antibodies cause Riedel thyroiditis?
Is the monoclonal antibody Trastuzumab (Herceptin) of potential use in the treatment of prostate cancer?
What is the treatment of acute myocarditis?
What is the genetic basis of the Delayed Sleep-Phase Syndrome (DSPS)?
Does DDX54 play a role in DNA damage response?
Does a tonsillectomy affect the patient's voice?
Is there an RNAi drug being developed to treat amyloidosis?
Are there RNAi approaches considered for the treatment of kidney injury?
Has IVIG been tested in clinical trials for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease?
Which bacteria causes erythrasma?
Do bacteria from the genus Morexella cause respiratory infections?
Was saracatinib being considered as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease in November 2017?
Is celiac disease caused by gliadin-induced transglutaminase-2 (TG2)-dependent events ?
Can doxycycline cause photosensitivity?
What causes Black Lung?
Can canagliflozin cause euglycemic diabetic ketoacidosis?
Mutation of which gene causes arterial tortuosity syndrome?
Can CD55 deficiency cause thrombosis?
Which diseases are caused by mutations in Calsequestrin 2 (CASQ2) gene?
List disorders that are caused by mutations in the mitochondrial MTND6 gene.
What organism causes woolsorter's disease
Which disease(s) are caused by HEX A deficiency?
Is Brucella abortus the organism that causes brucillosis known to cause spontaneous abortions in humans?
Are AAV vectors considered for the treatment of retinal dystrophies?
Dinutuximab is used for treatment of which disease?
What is the cause of Phthiriasis Palpebrarum?
Orteronel was developed for treatment of which cancer?
Matuzumab has been tested for treatment of which cancers?
Is nivolumab used for treatment of Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer?
Is lambrolizumab effective for treatment of patients with melanoma ?
Which diseases can be treated with Afamelanotide?
List the diseases that can be treated using Vedolizumab.
Is Migalastat used for treatment of Fabry Disease?
Is ocrelizumab effective for treatment of multiple sclerosis?
For the treatment of which conditions can atypical neuroleptic drugs be used?
Is tretinoin effective for photoaging?
Could Arimidex (anastrozole) cause hot flashes? (hot flushes)
What is the definitive treatment for low pressure headache?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Remained unresolvable:
---------------------
Which are the main causes of fetal echogenic bowel?
Can vitamin B1 deficiency cause encephalopathy?
What causes erucism?
Which gene-defect causes the Vel-blood type?
What is the treatment of amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis?
List all reported treatment options for anxiety in autism spectrum disorder.
Dracorhodin perchlorate was tested for treatment of which cancers?
Is armodafinil used for treatment of insomnia? (NO)
Pridopidine has been tested for treatment of which disorder?
Which disease is treated with Eliglustat?
What is the treatment of interferon-induced thyroiditis?
Which inherited disorder is known to be caused by mutations in the NEMO gene?
What causes \"Puffy hand syndrome\"?
What protein is the most common cause of hereditary renal amyloidosis?
Centor criteria are used for which disease?
Which personality disorder is treated using dialectical behavior therapy?
Milwaukee protocol was tested for treatment of which disease?
Does SARM1 deletion cause neurodegeneration?
A bite from the Lone Star Tick Amblyomma americanum, can cause the victim to become allergic to red meat, yes or no?
What is caused by the ectopic expression of CTCF?
